you know now that recreational marijuana
is legal here as of January 1st it's
come to my attention and that actually
lends some credence to this that some of
our viewers have been operating their
televisions while under the influence of
cannabis so as part of an ongoing effort
to be inclusive we are now offering
closed captioning for the smoking
impaired this our work follow along with
the words and and the text at the bottom
of your screen there are now about a
hundred licensed retailers of cannabis
in the Golden State but pot is not for
sale everywhere some areas are holding
out they're waiting to see what effect
the new law has on surrounding counties
here in Los Angeles for example the city
didn't begin taking new license
applications until today and it could
take weeks before those licenses are
actually issued but even though it isn't
available in the city of La recreational
marijuana is being sold in West
Hollywood which is technically a
municipality within the city of La and
there are three places selling marijuana
there there were also federal Robox to
legalization the Attorney General jeff
Sessions is a staunch opponent of
cannabis use even though he looks really
exactly like a Keebler cookie elf and
under his DEA marijuana is still
considered a Schedule one drug the same
category as heroin so federal
legalization it could be a long way off
but as of now you could purchase
recreational marijuana in some parts of
Colorado Washington Oregon Alaska Nevada
and California sales in California are
expected to bring in seven billion
dollars in tax money over the next few
years which is very welcome news for the
state so you got it
do you understand what was happening
there yes you do okay have you gone into
one of those medical those about
recreational marijuana places no no
Jimmy maybe we should send you into one
to see what happens
yeah sure okay yeah you don't be fun
tomorrow maybe tomorrow night we'll send
you into one during the model and we'll
just watch you in there and watch you
walk around oh great okay hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel if you like that click the
subscribe button below and good things
will happen forever